README.md, before:

# Rewrite Body

Rewrite body is a middleware plugin for [Traefik](https://github.com/containous/traefik) which rewrites the HTTP response body
by replacing a search regex by a replacement string.

## Configuration

### Static

```toml
[experimental.pilot]
  token = "xxxx"

[experimental.plugins.rewritebody]
  modulename = "github.com/containous/plugin-rewritebody"
  version = "v0.1.1"
```

### Dynamic

To configure the `Rewrite Body` plugin you should create a [middleware](https://docs.traefik.io/middlewares/overview/) in 
your dynamic configuration as explained [here](https://docs.traefik.io/middlewares/overview/). The following example creates
and uses the `rewritebody` middleware plugin to replace all foo occurences by bar in the HTTP response body.

```toml
[http.routers]
  [http.routers.my-router]
    rule = "Host(`localhost`)"
    middlewares = ["rewrite-foo"]
    service = "my-service"

# Block all paths starting with /foo
[http.middlewares]
  [http.middlewares.rewrite-foo.rewritebody]
    [[http.middlewares.rewrite-foo.plugin.rewritebody.rewrites]]
      regex = "foo"
      replacement = "bar"

[http.services]
  [http.services.my-service]
    [http.services.my-service.loadBalancer]
      [[http.services.my-service.loadBalancer.servers]]
        url = "http://127.0.0.1"
```

Commit message:

feat: add last modified config option

README.md, after:

# Rewrite Body

Rewrite body is a middleware plugin for [Traefik](https://github.com/containous/traefik) which rewrites the HTTP response body
by replacing a search regex by a replacement string.

## Configuration

### Static

```toml
[experimental.pilot]
  token = "xxxx"

[experimental.plugins.rewritebody]
  modulename = "github.com/containous/plugin-rewritebody"
  version = "v0.1.1"
```

### Dynamic

To configure the `Rewrite Body` plugin you should create a [middleware](https://docs.traefik.io/middlewares/overview/) in 
your dynamic configuration as explained [here](https://docs.traefik.io/middlewares/overview/). The following example creates
and uses the `rewritebody` middleware plugin to replace all foo occurences by bar in the HTTP response body.

```toml
[http.routers]
  [http.routers.my-router]
    rule = "Host(`localhost`)"
    middlewares = ["rewrite-foo"]
    service = "my-service"

[http.middlewares]
  [http.middlewares.rewrite-foo.rewritebody]
    # Keep Last-Modified header returned by the HTTP service.
    # By default, the Last-Modified header is removed.
    lastModified = true

    # Rewrites all "foo" occurences by "bar"
    [[http.middlewares.rewrite-foo.plugin.rewritebody.rewrites]]
      regex = "foo"
      replacement = "bar"

[http.services]
  [http.services.my-service]
    [http.services.my-service.loadBalancer]
      [[http.services.my-service.loadBalancer.servers]]
        url = "http://127.0.0.1"
```
